Update scalars documentation (#55)
mirumee/ariadne-website: docs/scalars.md

money = ScalarType("Money")
money.set_serializer(json_serialize_money)
money.set_value_parser(json_deserialize_money)
```

> > **Note:** the previous versions of this document also introduced the `literal_parser`. However in the light of `literal_parser` [reference documentation being incorrect](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-js/issues/2567) and the very usefulness of custom literal parsers [being discussed](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-js/issues/2657) we've decided to don't document it here anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** the previous versions of this document also introduced the `literal_parser`. However in the light of `literal_parser` [reference documentation being incorrect](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-js/issues/2567) and the usefulness of custom literal parsers [being discussed](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-js/issues/2657) we've decided to no longer document it in this section.
```

Author: Not sure if "section" is right here. It may be taken as section within this document instead of entire document. I've also removed mention of literal parser from parsers section.
